# Galaxy-blue-sapphire-Plaza-Greater-Noida-West-Galaxy-blue-Sapphire-Plaza-Brochure
+9899444220 || Galaxy blue sapphire Plaza, Galaxy blue sapphire plaza Commercial, Galaxy Blue Sapphire Plaza Noida Extension, Commercial Projects in Noida Extension, Galaxy blue sapphire Plaza Location, Galaxy blue sapphire Plaza Floor Plan, Retail Shops in Noida Extension, Commercial Properties in Noida Extension, Galaxy blue sapphire Plaza Price List, Galaxy blue sapphire Plaza Retail Shops, Galaxy blue sapphire Plaza Construction Update, Galaxy blue sapphire Plaza Reviews, Galaxy blue sapphire Plaza Greater Noida West, Galaxy blue Sapphire Plaza Brochure, Galaxy blue Sapphire Plaza Office Space, Galaxy blue Sapphire Plaza Mall   More extra information visits my site: - https://www.noidacommercial.com/projects-noida-extension/galaxy-blue-sapphire-plaza/   If you are in search of the quality Commercial Projects in Noida Extension, you have to test the details of Galaxy Blue Sapphire Plaza Retail Shops in Noida Extension, which can be the last options to start your retail agencies like grocery, apparel shops, salons, bars, lodge, eating place, and so forth. The size of retail stores to be had on this commercial undertaking can also vary between thirteen.Ninety four sq. Mt. To 92. Nine sq. Mt. Also, the charge levels of the retail stores in this mission may also start from Rs. 28.5 Lacs onwards.     Similarly, there is a terrific scope to find terrific office spaces in this Galaxy Blue Sapphire Plaza industrial assignment. The size of business offices in this undertaking can also lie among 250 sq. Feet. To 400 sq. Ft. The office spaces will be provided with facilities like tiled flooring, power deliver, Wi-Fi, CCTV, lockable and non-lockable, and many others. The prices of the office areas may additionally begin from Rs. 25 Lacs onwards. So, involved shoppers ought to do hurry and e book workplace spaces as soon as possible.   
